, you know, for myself, if I get a free program for my computer, I won't feel guilty.
Yeah. And even if I go out and ask for it you know I say, can I copy that I Won't feel guilty?
I really want It's just a set of instructions I used to program a little bit, and those guys have so much fun right in those programs, you know.
That's the I think that's that's yeah well, everybody generally do what they love to do.
Yeah, right, and that's pretty much the end of the truthful part of the process.
The rest of it is all marketing, and the marketplace is, you know.
Maybe I think I live in Tangiers. Maybe I think the marketplaces you get what you can get.
It seems to be that way, you know as long as i'm not hurting another person directly, or even indirectly.
But just throwing my money out there. he may never see a penny of it.
He may have sold the rights outbreak, you know.
It certainly happens in music. I wish I was the person whose voice they used in telephone, and it tells you the number has been changed, and that I had to copyright and get some royalties like that lady you know you hear the never reached it. out of it. They
got it. just a woman didn't they didn't they get a different woman when she tried to do that they don't know if they hired another voice.
I didn't hear any follow-up but so I thought that they did it.
Yeah, they certainly use through a lot, but I mean they only use what is 5 s total or something.
It probably took her a long time to to say Every possible combination of the the computer does that.
All she has to do is say, each digit so it's probably the total actual speaking that they use pretty short living. It would be much more pleasant if they had done all the combination stuff.
Call it up and there's something that actually says your number in total. Yeah. or because it recognizes your phone number, it automatically goes.
And the computer finds that Yeah, it's a name thank you Mr.
Smith for calling Pacific Bell. Yeah, right? And I am your personal computer representative.
That would be great. Push one, if you wish to know my phone number pushed, too.
If you wish to have dinner with me, push 3 if you want to.
Artificial intelligence, personality that you call Yes, if you don't like this personality push to a new personality would be provided for.
You had no extra charge. You are allowed up to 5 personalities at one phone call.
If well, the networking of computers is getting us such that almost anything's possible.
And yeah, that's Why, I just matrixing and just constantly building and building upon building upon building these complexities and building some dollars for them, and building on top of those in your building on the thoughts of your predecessors.
But your predecessors in this case can be like last year you know it's like it's moving so fast, so fast.
It's like a it's a reflection of the brain, and it's communication like books, but is much quicker. It's like if you can think of something and define it you can make it happen if it's
just about information I mean you can't it's just about information That's where you can't conjure so something like a car out there's nothing but well with the superconductors that's going to
make it so economical for everybody to have all the electronic this and that that they want because there'll be so little loss of electricity.
Yeah, you know, small, it'll be so small it will have enormous amount.
We should have an enormous supply. of it yeah like every light switch will have its own computer or something basically because it'll be cheap enough to cheap as a switch.
These they won't cost anything and when they go into outer space to start growing.
This those silicon chips without any flaws they'll be able to grow circuitry that is so complicated that you know that gravity destroys it. so they'll be able to Yeah, they'll be able to get these
fantastic circuits like, Say, for a whole television set just on one chip, and and then it'll harden out there, and they'll bring it back.
The whole thing is is so sensational that'll be expensive at first God be growing them in space.
But that's great. it'll and even worth it this technology out of most of anything in the past that has it's becoming like we're shaping our our destiny ourselves with this technology more than we have and with any
other in the past. It seems just like whatever we think we can make it.
But there's one technology that's going to overtake that, and that's Dna research, which is like a total scan at this point.
Still, they're just like bombarding organisms with radiation to see what comes up. we have very little control over it. but once we do, we'll be able to program biology as well Well, that's pretty frightening
concept. It is frightening, but we can control our freeways.
I know. Yeah, but the thing is any technology that comes up.
It gets used once It's out there in the open the well, I society I don't think you fractals.
Are you familiar with fractals? I hope they use a lot of fractals.
Begin biology research? No. But in well, the connection between mathematics and biology can be found more easily with fractals than it can with yeah under mathematics.
Yeah, So you know, i'm looking for the connection between science and and religion, and and and my knowledge as it were the living spiritual and the like.
The ancient science. scientific part is like the ancient science. It was just a branch of knowledge which is included all the way basic, all commuter, whatever gets the job done. the gestalt, the totality is taken into account as
opposed to as opposed to the observer you know I remember, back in the psychedelic days there was this poster of the scientists.
I've always been on a kind of a crusade for scientific responsibility, right?
And scientists are are taking such control over the world these days. with their you know not the scientists, but what they've invented, and the way it's marketed, and the way we're we developed needs for it and I remember this cartoon
I saw of it was called the Scientist. There had this this wonderful stone statue, about 20 stories tall, of a naked man and a naked woman in her twine, with each other, hugging each other full frontal and their arms wrapped
around each other, and they they looked like they were so intertwined. they spiraled down, and there's their statue right made out of stone, and there, and the whole base of the statue is crumbling right and it's just
like rubble, like from just below the knees Down was this kind of rubble, but the rest of it was all real clear.
A few little. Some of it was chipped off, you know.
It was old, but and down at the bottom of this, this rubble was this little man who was a scientist, and he had this big magnifying glass, and he was looking at the rubble, looking with his head down not looking up, at the statue,
and seeing the love and the symbol there, but looking down at the crumbs, you know, at the rubble at the bottom with his magnifying glass. and and to me that always symbolized kind of rather clear the limitations of the scientific method, if it
doesn't take into account well the whole human experience, and including the unbelievable parts of it the parts that are just legend and myths and and oruted areas, and the psychedelic experiences and the subject on
that you know, and insanity, and what I mean well they've got to take a into account.
But you guessed with all its with all its fantastic you can't look at the stars with a microscope, and science is a microscope.
Each scientist has their their field of expertise and if they're going to go if they're going to stretch out far enough into the unknown, where they can find something new, they have to do it in a straight line they can't
do it true in all directions at once, because then you run into things that we already know.
But they're doing it is they're doing location schematics right about it.
But the problem is communication between the branches of science.
I think, who's gonna be able to hold all that knowledge and make the connections.
Well the philosophers and the spiritual leaders, and I mean because the stuff can be understand understood.
The goals or the or the cutting edge can be understand, understood intellectually.
But those people can't tell you the details they know the whole structure Rosie.
It's like both sides. you have to have somebody looking at the you got to have a leader, and you got to have a bunch of workers, you know, and you gotta have somebody who isn't necessarily inclined to deal with the details that much who's guiding those
who are willing to I guess that's all to have a guider.
Yeah, there's no there's no lead there's no focus. Yeah.
And you know, I think I think that one of the reasons that there's been no focus is because everybody accepted the scientific method as the best tool that we have, and was kind of letting the scientific method be the leader the the
you know, just looking forward to our research. continue inventory and cataloging, experimenting, you know.
Documenting of whatever, and instead of instead of coming at it from another direction, trying to find trying to find trying to find ways to to like with with Einstein, for example.
You know. It seemed to me he was trying to he was experimenting with with new ways of doing things. You know while thinking about things.
I'm thinking about things, and he was trying to I think he was ultimately trying to trying to discover the speed of his own thought.
You know he was like really off into wonderful abstract notions that were all based in a peaceful world.
You know that couldn't exist unless he was secure that we had a peaceful world, or that that peace was part of what he was about.
And so much of today's technology is soulless and has nothing to do with peace.
It has to do with just generally chewing up, you know, consumerism basically, and chewing up, chewing up new chewing up the human experience and turning it into some kind of consumer need should ever get into
Tesla just ever so peripherally. He had a lot of real wacky ideas on big levels.
He wanted a world power system that you could tap into the air basically, and get power anywhere on Earth.
And that's what the test look oil was about yeah but the problem was that it's interfere with well, matter.
I mean, it was not a clean, broadcast system, like everything in the room.
If you had a Tesla coil in the middle of the room, all the metal objects would be receiving it constantly.
So it wasn't really a very efficient either because you'd have to have an immense amount of power being broadcast, so that a few points could receive.
You know their share of it. Now, what about if the superconductor?
Will that change all that I don't know he was dealing with it being basically energy and being sent through the air, you know, like light, like yeah, like tapping right into just the energy of the Earth, or something Yeah, which doesn't really
require a conductor, you know. I mean light will go through a vacuum.
So I think he was. I mean he basically invented the radio and stuff like that.
It's pretty confusing to me, but yeah those guys are the guys, I think that are the heroes that are the unsung heroes in, you know the the and and and and I mean it's a cliche but but
business has always taking these works and and manipulated them either to their benefit or to our benefit, or to our destiny, or something based on economic.
What the obvious or the more immediate economic right it's like Well, gee yeah, I know how we can make money with this.
Just do it. Yeah, that's why I like about fractals is because with these new mathematical formulas, even though you know, because it's mathematical, and it has to work I guess with numbers in it some
way it opens the door into what appears to be all the substance that's underneath the obvious you know, with if regular math is the obvious of these fractals seem to seem to represent everything that numbers aren't Oh, that's something that numbers are and I don't think
it's everything, not everything, because there was the first window into that.
Yeah, Well, like every theory is just like it's a window and it's also like a model of reality, and it's really not, reality and like a fract looking get really close to do like describing growth patterns like a Yes,
right but it's still not the totality of a plant no it isn't by any stretch but for mathematics, or for science.
It's it's not for them we have to yeah to get closer to to the chaos, or the or the order of chaos that exists as subtext to our life to our experience on this planet when
we're and when we say when we're going to say blow up the first atomic bomb, and and and we don't bother to ask the American people or the people of the world if we mind if there's a chance you
know, because they didn't know for sure whether it would destroy the universe or not, and might have started a chain reaction. They just blew up.
That's right, and it might very well still have started that chain reaction.
And that it's all happening in fractal country and it has and it's manifesting itself in in disharmony in the deterioration of the planet. we're all worried about the ozone we're all
worried about the cancers everywhere, so you're saying it might have done the same bad thing.
But it's just that the universe is such a complex phenomenon that it's so deep is for the fabric that we are witnessing through science and through any known ability to understand is just a thin.
Shell from how deep this phantasmagorical experience goes.
And then, when they did that it's possible that they started a chain reaction at such a subatomic level some sub-saharan suburb that it'll take a while before it it it really you know you know and
just rips it apart. It might take it might take a few.
It might take 500 years, or a 1,000 years or a 100 years, or maybe it's maybe in 50 years, or it might never happen.
But it's to me that was scientific your responsibility, and without the knowledge of what fractals symbolize at this point to me they were.
They could make that decision easier, and with the sign fractals could have made the decision.
No, no! without the knowledge of fractals. the decision was made easier.
If fractals were known at that time there might have been a little more caution, because there was there's this right?
No, don't don't imply any particular morals Well, they imply.
No, they don't imply morals but they do imply that there's more than the obvious going on.
Well, i'll miss us that and not to me there's just another system, that's all just another model.
It's to me It's a model it's it's a model into the fourth dimension as opposed to one of the things einstein's the is a model in the fourth dimension and it's
time. But fractal can be applied to many dimensions or are just, I mean, any number of dimensions.
It's basically taking something and dividing it up randomly or with some system.
It's like nested nested values basically inside a gallon.
You have 4 chords. inside of fort you know inside a core. You have a certain amount of cups, and then, you know, etc.
Well, yeah except it's not it's not it's not so.
It's not squared and it's not as predictable as that I mean it's not predictable at all really it's It's it's a found phenomenon Well, it's not predictable if
you apply random values to the subdivisions. The subdivisions have to be random.
They have it has to have randomness. to it the order I don't think is is understood. Yeah, I mean that might be wrong, but that's my understanding.
That's Why, it's they're calling it they're calling it the mathematics of chaos. No, that's a different thing.
That's not fractals you know it's fractal includes an artist who used to describe it any other?
Yes, I can't It includes a practice separate yeah I mean in chaos theory.
They overlap chaos. It was a scientist of noise for the scientists.
The scientists never have, has never had a tool where he had that overlap.
You say, so that's what that's the point that i'm trying to get at is is that because the scientific method now has that tool of overlap it's giving them something that they never had before and that is an
opportunity for to meet spirituality. Yeah, Well, there's there's opportunities that meet spirituality.
24 h a day wherever you go just by being alive.
If they don't want to see it they're not going to see it in fractals.
Well, Yeah, a lot of people will a lot of people will it'll dawn on them because they follow the scientific impulse and fractals may be the very thing that boggles them out enough where they have to do some serious
questioning about things is my theory yeah maybe they'll probably find in something.
If their fractals weren't there I think it's like all the ideas that we have throughout the ages and the various.
There's a sort of echoes of the past, and they come under different names and things just like the latest power.
Now is corporations right before that like governments before that was principalities, for that it was gangs, you know. Try and gangs are coming back now.
You know it's unbelievable and knowledge in the pursuit of spirituality has taken in many forms, and if a person wants to find it in something you, believe in and they believe in science, they'll find it in science well, it's very
true, but I mean the I think that that people will find spirituality and science as their sole spiritual source, or people that are fucking up the pulpit.
You know I don't think so. science is that I don't think science can be God.
I've been watching 2,001 lately and I mean that's what that's all and that's not what it's all about, but that's a major theme in it.
You know that the race between the human and the tenant and it's in his technological manifestation of well, you know, I think it was like, Are we going to be part of it?
Are we going to make it? Is it going to do us or Are we gonna do it, you know, is our creation. it's like the Frankenstein myth is our creation going to destroy us or Are We going to
continue Tv. I just put it on the breath. Oh, I just put it on.
I see. I thought they were showing that ads for some reason little too hip for Tv a little too. hip.
Yeah. So they're color cycling right now this is a zoom later, I guess.
Yeah, i've got zooms on here too we're gonna take it from this one's fractal fantasy, which is for sale, and the other one is fractal zooms which I don't think is